I would love you
to rearrange my insides
this Saturday near Oxford Circus
in London.
There's already some guys outside.
Everyone has sex.
just some of us film it.
All right. This is number one of
the gangbang.
Is that bed going to be too high?
My kink is gangbangs and I love
just pleasuring normal people.
The most I've done is about 75.
so this will be
a much bigger number.
So I'm just two minutes away from
73 New Cavendish Street.
Whether you are barely legal
or barely breathing.
I want to pleasure you
and give you something
that your wife is not.
I was the most searched woman
in the world this year.
I've had headlines in just
about every country.
I get to travel amazing places.
I've got an amazing team behind me.
My bank account has millions in.
I think people think. oh. I'm going
to regret this.
Or like. "Oh. she must be unhappy."
So I'm like.
"No. I feel sorry for you."
the ones that
are sat there giving me hate.
I'm like. "I'm sorry.
you know. you're so basic."
About to have some fun.
If I was an athlete
and did loads of marathons.
no-one would care
because they're like.
"Oh.
but you're doing something amazing."
But because I'm trying to push
my body in a sex perspective.
everyone's like.
"Whoa. you've gone too far.
"That is disgusting."
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
SHE CHUCKLES
Hi!
Hi. Bonnie. You OK?
Who's going first. then? Me. me.
me. me. You're going first.
Six months ago. I began to make
a film about Bonnie Blue.
Would you treat me to your load
if I asked nicely?
WHISPERS: Please. Daddy.
I was spurred on by
my 15-year-old daughter.
who I was surprised to discover
had seen Bonnie
all over her social media.
And what are you going to do to me?
As much as possible.
I mean. I don't know CPR.
so if it goes wrong
and you need CPR...
I only know how to suck dick.
not anything else.
# Woman... #
For those who don't know.
Bonnie Blue is one of
the most infamous stars on OnlyFans.
The platform of choice
for adult content creators
has become
a multi-billion-pound industry.
More and more women are signing up.
competing in
a crowded marketplace
with all kinds
of enticing sexual offerings.
I have two uteruses. two cervixes.
and two...
I call myself the Two...Princess.
I definitely knew I needed
to be different on OnlyFans
because there's 2 million
creators on OnlyFans.
Like. I needed a USP.
As promised. I'm outside
Nottingham Trent University
to pleasure as many uni students
in two weeks.
I want to sleep with
130 barely legal 18-year-olds...
Making content with 18-year-olds
and virgins and people
that was very new to sex.
that felt like the right step for me
because I was still learning.
Bonnie's business model
is to have sex with men for free...
Are you ready? I'm ready.
Do you have your ID with you? Yeah.
..uploading the footage onto OnlyFans
for her subscribers to buy online.
So. did you have fun? Yeah.
It was amazing.
I knew it was. I guess.
ground-breaking for porn
because it's realistic.
it's relatable.
My subscribers can watch that
and go. "My dick looks like that.
"My body looks like that.
"I lasted nine seconds
like them as well."
Losing your virginity can be
so intimidating as well.
and I was like. I want to give them
a good experience.
I want them to have a good time
in the bedroom.
and the fact I was
able to offer them that.
I was like. I'm basically
a community worker.
Not everyone's a fan.
It's predatory. Yeah. Yeah.
Like. let's call it
what it is. like...
Who is this Bonnie Blue
and why is she not in prison?
You're being used.
You're giving in to the patriarchy.
Disgusting. deplorable slapper.
All the attention is helping
to make Bonnie a household name.
with her even cutting a glamorous
and defiant figure on
the sofa of This Morning.
Our next guest is one of
the most controversial
people online.
25-year-old Bonnie Blue.
from Derbyshire.
is making headlines around the world
for filming herself
having sex with teenagers
and posting the footage online.
So. is she just
a content creator making money
or a dangerous predator
who should be stopped?
When I first met Bonnie.
real name Tia.
she'd only been in the industry
a year and a half
and told me she was already making
500 grand a month from OnlyFans.
She recently moved back home
from Australia
after she was hounded out
because of her barely legal content.
My mum said. "Every time I come
in this house.
"it's just dildos everywhere."
It was funny
because New Year's Eve they had...
..my family came over and I was
in the living room filming.
and they all had to be really.
really quiet.
And they were just like.
"When can we put the music on."
or. "When can we start moving?"
And I was just
in the next room fucking myself
and they're just waiting
in silence next door.
Bonnie was running her OnlyFans
account herself until recently.
but has just hired Josh
to be her live-in videographer.
Wait. where are we going?
We're going to Vegas.
Vegas. LA. New York...
And personal stylist Ermes.
Anyway. let's pack.
Oh. my God. Bonnie.
you have to try this.
What. that one first?
Ermes has pulled in
100 grand's worth
of designer clothes to help build
the Bonnie brand.
Yeah. Because this is going to be
so controversial. so...
Just sometimes.
when I did my last TV thing...
Yeah. ..they said no blue or green.
My image has definitely changed.
That's mainly just been down. like.
to money
or having Ermes. for example.
like. showing me. like. how to dress
or. like. what looks good.
Stand still. please.
OK.
Bonnie. I think it is like
a duality of Bonnie because.
you know. she's very chic.
sophisticated
and kind.
yet she's very sexy.
She has like this. like.
you know. femme fatale and siren.
like. you know. like... Siren?
What does that mean?
Yeah. what does that mean?
Siren. you're like. you know.
it's kind of like. you know.
have you watched. um.
Basic Instinct?
One side. we are very chic.
and the other side.
we are very seductive.
And so. you know. like.
this is no risque. it's just sexy.
I forget. like.
how crazy my life's become.
Like. when I'm speaking to family
or friends. like.
"Oh. where are you today?" I'm like.
"Oh. I'm in London."
"Oh. I'm in Paris."
or. "Oh. I'm doing this today."
And I think
because it's changed so quickly.
you sort of forget to look back
and think. "Oh. my gosh.
"it was only sort of five years ago
"I would be sat in my office
in the same desk every day.
"Monday to Friday."
I did finance recruitment
for the NHS.
What was it like? It was just
the same day in. day out.
like repetitive calls.
And I was like. "Is this what
I'm going to do
"for the rest of my life?"
People would look at me and think.
"Oh. wow.
she must be so happy in life.
"She's got a house. a fancy job."
I'd say. "But it's boring.
"Surely there's more
to life than this."
Are they looking OK?
Yeah. so it's gaining. like.
1.000 people a day at
the moment.
OK. That's good. So...
Bonnie's one of the top
100 earners on OnlyFans.
To push herself
up the rankings.
she's planning her biggest
stunt yet.
It's looking good.
In three days.
she's going to try and set
an unofficial world record
by having sex with a thousand men
in a day.
Can you name everything
we've purchased.
like. the whole list?
1.200... No. 1.600 condoms.
OK. We've got balaclavas.
like 50 of those. We've got...
The aim is to create a buzz
that will drive new
subscribers towards her account.
with her making upwards
of 500 grand
on that bit of content alone.
Like. before. I was thinking.
"Oh. fuck.
"what if this hurts by the end
of it?"
But I'm just more worried
that people aren't going to turn up.
We've put 20 tubes of KY jelly.
I don't know what that is.
We've even got. like. a numbing one.
I think.
Like. there's no way you're gonna be
in pain.
In terms of feminism. are you not
maybe sending us backwards?
You're kind of conveying that women
are just there for male pleasure.
Yeah. completely.
I do get what you mean.
Because I always say. like.
"Oh. I want to pleasure men.
"Like. get me on my knees."
but this is what I enjoy.
I always say. "This is what I want."
This is not for everybody.
but there is women as well.
a lot of the hate I get
when I looked into it was women
that wasn't working.
which is absolutely fine.
You've got the choice if you want to
work or not.
But then are they not just taking it
back in time?
I look at it as I'm now
a millionaire.
I'm a woman. I'm independent.
I use my body to empower me.
I don't let
other people sexualise me.
I'm the one that sexualises myself.
So. for that.
I'm showing I can take control.
I'm going to be all yours
from 1pm till 1am.
just two minutes away
from 73 New Cavendish Street.
So. yeah...
..come and make me yours.
This will go on TikTok
and Instagram.
I'll post them on. like. probably.
like. 20. 30.
maybe even 40 accounts.
I have to have so many
because they get reported
all the time.
Do I send you them?
So instead of just having one
or two accounts.
I've got backups of backups
of backups.
Right. here's a passport.
Photo. you take...
Log the ID. You log the ID. right?
And we just take the photos here.
because they don't want to be seen
by other people.
so at least the door covers that.
so they can just go here.
OnlyFans have strict rules.
For Bonnie to use the footage from
the event.
the men must bring ID. be over 18
and sign a consent form.
Usually on a porn shoot.
performers bring along
their STI tests.
Bonnie's not asking for that today.
but wants the men to wear a condom.
15.000 people said they would come.
So. how many turn up?
I don't know.
We assume it's going to be in
the late hundreds. maybe a thousand.
We're expecting it
to break world records for now.
especially in the UK.
Obviously. the human body
has its own capabilities.
Bonnie is happy to push
that boundary beyond
what most people think is possible.
The idea of today
is to smash everything. I guess.
So far. I'm not nervous.
I'm just worried.
like. what if no-one turns up?
I'm like.
"What if I've got more staff than
"I have people to be inside me
today?"
So hopefully that doesn't happen.
That's why I don't
want to get fixated on numbers.
If only ten people turn up
and I was having a good time
with ten people. amazing.
If hundreds
and hundreds turn up.
that's also amazing.
It's just a release form
for OnlyFans.
just to make sure that
you understand
what your sort of rights are
to everything.
Your face doesn't have to be in it.
like I already said.
We've already got. like. 50 spare
balaclavas in case you want them.
Yeah.
My only rule is.
is just no back door.
Apart from that. I'm like.
"Look. I'm yours. I'm your slut.
"Treat me like your slut and sort of
basically do whatever you want."
Because some people.
they think that's disgusting
or I've got no respect for myself.
but that's what I enjoy.
It's quite hard
to get my head around you
offering yourself up
to hundreds of strangers.
Couldn't you just make
a normal porno?
Yeah. I could just make my own
just normal sex tapes.
but they sit there at home wanking.
wanting to imagine
what it's like to fuck me.
so I want to give back to them
and say. "Hey. actually.
"just come fuck me.
"Let me give you a blow job.
Let me give you what you want.
"because I want to do that
and I enjoy that."
I enjoy giving them my body
and I don't really think
it's that bad.
I don't see why I shouldn't.
You can go multiple times.
You can come back
whenever you want during the day.
Uhh. Bro. if you want to come
and bust ten nuts today.
I'm not gonna complain.
Yeah. I understand the concern. man.
It's normal.
They will never know.
they'll never know.
They'll never know. Yeah. so have
you got your wristband on. yeah?
CAMERA CLICKS
Perfect.
DISTORTED CHATTER
It's showtime.
You're the first one today.
BONNIE CHUCKLES
If you don't want your face in it.
wear a mask.
Of course you can. I'm all yours.
Honestly. make me your slut.
The men can add
to Bonnie's world-record tally
if they penetrate her.
If you're ready to get in.
get in there.
Blow jobs don't count.
By my reckoning. they'll each get
about 40 seconds inside her.
SHE MOANS
I'm not planning to stick around
all day to monitor numbers.
but when I do pop in and out.
the house is packed with men snaking
up the stairs.
with Bonnie busy working
her way through them
in the main room.
I was looking for signs of distress
or disassociation.
but she seems fully conscious
and engaged.
So. you're halfway through.
How's it going?
Yeah. good. As you can tell.
it's been...
It's become a lot more messy
in here.
The first sort of two
or three hours.
it was just basically gangbang.
Everybody. like. no space
whatsoever.
which was absolutely fine.
And then after sort of three hours.
we started to make it
so they get hard. come in.
and it was just sort of like.
it's like a rotation.
SHE MOANS
Just had a doughnut.
I've had water.
I'm hydrated. I'm excited.
I've got. what. seven hours left.
so just. yeah. halfway through
at the moment.
OK. So I'll do one-on-one.
Me doing this is like
a physical challenge.
The main thing is each person.
it'll be. "Am I OK physically?
"Mentally am I OK?
Am I still enjoying it?"
And as long as I am.
I'll just keep those
numbers going up.
And if at any point I say stop.
you have to respect that.
OK.
500. check.
Everyone says
that my brain works different.
600. done.
I'm just not emotional.
I can very much control my emotions.
If I don't want to be upset.
I won't be upset.
800. done.
But no. I don't think I'm going
to need therapy
or I've got PTSD
or there's any trauma or...
There's no hidden reason of
why I do what I do.
The big 1.000 was well
and completely done.
Let's get a round of applause
in the room. people.
APPLAUSE
There we go.
I could go red in the face
saying how much I want to do it
and people will still be like.
"There's something wrong with you.
"You are tapped."
Makes me want to do a starfish.
like when you're in the snow.
I hope I don't get a splinter.
But yeah. I've been wanting to do
that all day.
Has everyone seen what's been
popping up on TikTok this week
with Bonnie Blue?
How could you miss it?
There is something deeply demonic
and dark
when a woman subjects herself to
this type of thing.
NEWS REPORT IN GERMAN
In the days after Bonnie Blue's
thousand-man gangbang.
the press and social media had
a field day.
What is possibly next?
When does this stop?
That's my first question.
Bonnie herself
was uncharacteristically quiet.
I kept checking the socials
and there
were just old reposted photos.
Nothing new.
I tracked her down to an Airbnb on
the edge of town outside Las Vegas.
My legs actually hurt so bad.
SHE BLOWS HER NOSE
The last sort of five. six days
I have been. like.
bed-bound with flu.
But yeah. I've never
had such bad flu in my life.
It's not been amazing timing.
It's one thing sleeping with
a thousand people.
you then need social media.
I haven't even been able to do
TikToks
or any Instagram posts
or anything like that.
Josh. Bonnie's right-hand man.
is busy editing the gangbang.
ready to sell in four parts
on her OnlyFans account.
OK. so it's no secret that I have
just slept with over 1.000 men.
They'll also drop clips
onto social media.
including one to answer the question
everyone seems curious about.
Don't worry. boys.
I'm still very tight.
I can confidently say there's
genuinely no trauma after the 1.000.
She's completely fine.
Everyone thinks she must be crazy
or messed up or have past trauma or.
you know. just a whore.
but she's
a businesswoman.
She's just... If you sat down
and spoke to her. you'd learn a lot.
Like. she just wants to make money.
she wants to have fun.
She enjoys having sex.
What helps soothe her mind is
if business is going well.
Josh used to manage complex kids
in care.
Bonnie offered him a job
after they met on a podcast.
Me and her really got along
and I found her really interesting.
because I could tell
a lot of people think a certain way.
especially with her death stare
that she has and things like that.
but I didn't think she was
intimidating.
I just thought she was interesting
and I could
see straight through her instantly.
And I wanted to pick her brain
further.
and it's an interesting brain.
Because Bonnie's not been doing
media and it's been. you know.
not the same
continuous upslope.
we were like.
"We'll just release it earlier."
With Bonnie too ill to do
interviews.
her publicist decides to drop
a story about a son
who came along to
the gangbang with his mum.
"Watch the moment the angry
mum yells.
"'Put your clothes on'
and drags son. 19.
"out of the queue for
Bonnie Blue's..."
But why would you ever
bring your mum?
Oh. bless him. Well.
I said to Mike. I was like.
"Oh. like. I wish I'd slept
with him."
He's like. "No. no. no.
you did. That was the virgin."
He was midway. I had to go
in and shout his name and say.
"Your mum's here to collect you."
And everyone laughed.
I knew it would go off. and I...
That's what I'm saying.
Yeah. No. I think we need
to message him
and say we're going to offer him
a one-on-one experience.
Yeah? Yeah. I like that.
I think that'll be sweet.
And if we can make sure
that he says.
"Yeah. put my name out there."
that'd be great.
THEY LAUGH
She's a marketing genius.
She's good at what she does.
About eight months ago. we went to
an event together and she said.
"You don't understand.
"I'm going to be
the biggest client you've ever seen.
"Like. I'm going to be
the biggest name in porn ever."
A key aspect
of Bonnie's business model
is to rage-bait...
..winding people up with her TikToks.
She bangs out around 200 a day.
It's a genius business model.
Controversy gets exposure.
I loved looking down when I did
the world record
and seeing how many men
had wedding rings on.
like. I just loved knowing I was
doing something
that their wife should have done.
She knows what gets people angry.
If you're a wife. keep scrolling.
She picks up on the terms that
the media like to use
and that they see.
because if the media
sees the engagement. they push it.
she takes from them.
I don't think
I've gone young enough yet.
I want
the most barely legal 18-year-old.
She took "barely legal"
as a term from journalists.
I've banged so many barely legals
at spring break.
It gets traction.
makes people more angry.
Engagement drives engagement.
Yeah. I think she is a genius.
I think generally the world has been
so much more polarising
and she's kind of come at
a good time for it.
Hey. man. just a reminder that when
the girl says she's on her period.
there's nothing wrong
with her throat.
Yeah. she says some things
that. like.
if I didn't know her.
I probably wouldn't like either.
So. you don't mind offending women?
No. like...
And a lot of the time
as well I'll push into the hate.
I know the more women
that chat about me.
the more husbands that are going
to search my name.
The more they're talking to me
in their household.
the more their sons are going to go
to their bedroom and search me.
So I'm happy to piss off the women
because they're not
my target audience.
So when your wife puts
them on next time...
I don't judge people
for not supporting it.
You know. there's people out there
that just want a family.
They want that clean.
respectful lifestyle and stuff.
Props to them. If that's
what makes you happy.
that's what makes you happy.
But this is what makes us happy.
If you don't like it.
stop wanking to it.
It's that simple.
And it's working.
Even before releasing
the 1.000-man gangbang.
it seems her money's doubled.
This month has just hit over
£1 million. so...
I wasn't expecting to earn over
a million until March.
so we're. I guess. above target.
So. yeah. it was a world record
in terms of
the amount of people I slept with.
and I'm nearly at a world record
for having
the most successful OnlyFans.
Well. try the black one on.
but that one does look nice.
That's what I wore last time.
As in. it will look better. I think.
the white shirt. when I take it off.
Yeah. that's what I think.
But I think the black looks
better... It makes you look
more tanned. as well. More tanned?
I haven't been on sunbeds like you.
I can always move up. but...
THEY LAUGH
So. I met Ollie when I was. like.
14. 15.
Got married really young.
A pretty. quite intimate wedding.
Nothing crazy. nothing over the top.
And then we relocated
to Australia shortly afterwards.
Ollie was beyond supportive.
He gave me
the confidence to do OnlyFans.
And it wasn't
because he wanted to pimp me out.
He just wanted me to be happy
and have control of my life.
And obviously the money was good
as well.
What's the secret of her success.
Ollie?
She really connects with the fans.
Most people. if they do porn.
they seem out of reach
and you're never going to meet them.
You know. you're never going
to be able to film with them.
Whereas Bonnie doing her. you know.
she puts her location online
and then obviously her fans
can actually film with her.
Like. mainstream porn.
I guess it's been around -
well. it has been in magazines
a lot longer.
but let's say the internet -
so 20 years. 25 years.
Nothing's really changed it
until this point.
so it's like a defining moment
in porn
where she's completely changed
the game.
# Walk on by
Yeah. bitch. I said what I said
# I'd rather be famous instead
Walk on by
# I let all that get to my head
# I don't care. I paint the town red
Walk on by
# Bitch. I said what I said... #
Bonnie's in Vegas to go to
an awards ceremony
for adult content creators.
It's a community that hasn't embraced
what she's been doing.
# Mm. she the devil
# She a bad lil' bitch.
she a rebel... #
Some people
in the OnlyFans industry. actually.
and porn stars were frustrated
that I was suddenly letting people
sleep with me for free.
This other content creator reached
out and was just like.
"Just to let you know. I think
what you're doing's disgusting.
"Like. I can't
believe you're sleeping
"with strangers and random people."
It's Bonnie's fans
who are nominating her for an award
in the public-voted category
of Favourite Independent Creator.
We're already really proud of her.
but it would just be a nice
recognition of what she's achieved.
Bonnie doesn't win her award.
I get that they're panicked.
like. I get it.
but it's just like it's not
for you to be concerned with.
When I turn up the next morning.
I find her facing another knockback.
this time from OnlyFans.
I literally just cannot believe from
doing a meeting yesterday morning
with OnlyFans
to less than. what. 24 hours later.
they do a statement to say.
"You are not selling your content
of gangbangs on this platform."
So. I had a meeting with
OnlyFans yesterday
and they said I was not going
to be allowed to sell
the world record on their platform.
Yeah. so the article says.
"OnlyFans bans Bonnie Blue's
1.000-man gangbang."
And they also said I was not going
to sell my other content.
which is with other people
that aren't established
content creators.
So. um. yeah...
Like normal people.
Yeah. like normal people.
Just anyone that's not a porn star.
which is obviously a big concern
because that's what I'm known for.
that's the content
I get the most pleasure from making.
And up until this point.
there's never been rules
on OnlyFans
to say you can't sell
that type of content.
What do you think's worried them?
It is down to
the way they do their payments.
So. Visa. it's them that have said
they don't want that content
on there.
And they said. like.
a few years before.
"We no longer want
squirting or fisting on there."
So OnlyFans is very much controlled
by the way...the way they get paid.
But anyone is allowed to film sex.
and as long as you're filling in
a consent form
and you're bringing government ID.
I can't see why there's an issue.
I don't know what year they're going
to realise that they are...
..they're a porn website.
OnlyFans take 20%
of whatever their creators make.
but where Bonnie's concerned.
it seems they'd rather
lose their cut.
It's because it got bad press.
but then don't pretend
like it's against your T's and C's.
This could have
a massive impact on my earnings.
I'm currently sat with
a 12-hour footage video
and nowhere to sell it.
Where will you be for your birthday?
Mmm...
It's got to be with me.
Yeah. once I know what day is...
You can't not have your birthday
with me.
Some mother's rights.
THEY LAUGH
It is!
Bonnie's back in the UK after
her America trip
and is spending
a few hours with her mum.
Would it be something that I chose
for her to do? No.
I was really. really shocked.
But now. would I want her doing
anything else? No. not at all.
All you want is for your kids to be
happy and she is happy.
You know. she's got no daddy issues.
she's not been abused and all these
things that people insist
that must have happened to her.
It's her choice.
She's 25.
I can't choose what she wants to do.
What's that?
I'm proud of everything.
But I always have been. you know.
I was proud of her
when she was dancing.
I was proud of her at school.
Liked her arts and crafts
and making things.
and then loved dancing from
sort of like three or four.
What do you think she liked about
the dance. the movement. or...?
She was just really good at it.
She was just amazing.
Like. really. really good at
dancing. so.
Is she quite competitive?
Did she want to win?
Oh. God. yeah. Yeah. yeah.
Her and her dance partner
came second.
like. in the world.
in a UDO competition.
They got a really massive trophy.
it was really good.
When Bonnie began to make big money.
she put all her family
on the payroll so they could
give up their day jobs.
My family. since I've started.
had to put up with hate.
I get that. but I also get
the life I live and the money.
So I was like. I also want them to
receive some of the rewards.
Because I know you've had stick
from the gym
and people say stuff. like.
I actually thought we was friends.
People. like.
I know always liked us both.
but then now think it's OK
to put sort of like nasty comments.
And I just think...
Most of the time I just laugh.
because I'm like. you know.
if you could earn £1 million
in a month.
your morals would soon change and
you'd get your bits out.
I don't care what people say.
They all say they've got
all these high morals. but no way.
not for £1 million a month.
I should have watched
some pegging videos. shouldn't I?
I'll show you some before we get in.
Bonnie has 850.000 subscribers who
like regular hits of fresh content.
She prefers to make sex tapes
with the public.
and they make her the most money.
But with her
thousand-man gangbang banned.
she's now restricted to making porn
the traditional way.
I sent a message out on
OnlyFans saying like. hey.
what is something you'd like to see.
what is a fetish of yours?
And. like. over 40% said pegging.
What's pegging?
Pegging is I'm going to have
a dildo strapped to me
and I will be penetrating a guy.
She's using a studio that belongs
to another OnlyFans creator.
Andy Lee.
Where should we start?
I don't know.
This is my building site area.
So this is actually
where we first filmed with Bonnie.
So we had her lying down on this
and there were six of us. I think.
So that was fun.
You have to just take your
hat off to her.
I personally couldn't do
what she does.
What she does is very. very
mentally draining.
You can imagine. like.
it takes its toll on you.
but she just blows through it.
And then. in here. we're using this.
this is going to be
for the first scene today.
So this is the dungeon.
At the moment she seems to be doing.
like.
more and more outrageous stuff.
That's the problem you have.
because. being a sex worker.
an adult content creator.
you can't advertise your work.
And the only way to advertise it
is to do something. wild stunts
to get people talking.
Once you do a wild stunt.
people talk.
but then you become yesterday's news
and you have
to do something even more wild.
So. yeah.
I don't know where it ends.
Bonnie's infamy means that not
everyone wants to work with her.
Hello. Normally.
I can get loads of lads. easy.
down here to work with anybody.
but a lot of their partners
won't let them work with Bonnie.
Their partners get a bit
offended and jealous by her.
Andy's managed to persuade Jack
to do the scene today.
a registered OF creator
who usually does gay content.
So. this will be
when I've got the strap on? Yeah.
See? Look. he's ready for you!
In position already.
Look. all she's doing is working
to make a better life for herself.
She's working hard now
so she never has to work again
for the rest of her life.
And like.
how many people can say that?
She's a really clever girl.
Hammer it while you can. yeah.
Hello.
Is it going to be weird.
having a girl peg you? Yeah.
Like. really weird.
So crazy.
I wonder if your fans
would like it?
Like. if they'll... Course
they will. Yeah. I think they will.
I don't know where it would be.
Yeah. it's perfect.
I was about to say there. but
that's where your fanny would be.
wouldn't it? But it's not.
we're going for arsehole.
And then you can use the swing
to pull him back.
Oh. it's very soft. though. Feel it.
I know. it's quite nice.
Oh. well. actually.
that would feel nice.
Not whilst you hold it. though.
Let me feel it.
Porn shoots are fake.
They're very fake.
and everyone knows that.
but they sort of forget how fake.
Fuck off! Fuck sake!
They are staged.
It's a full camera crew.
there's sound people.
there's a production.
There's scripts.
What do you say? I can say little
man or young man? Young man. OK.
He could be a hater online.
So he was like an internet troll.
Now you're coming to get revenge.
Jake. we've got a floppy cock.
It's fake in terms
of taking these massive dicks.
You don't expect to
be a normal person
and then fuck like a porn star.
Shit.
SHE SPITS
The porn I make with real people is
so much more satisfying.
No. it's bending up. Not going.
You need to push his legs back more.
He needs a pillow.
It's going in but it's
bending awkward. He needs a cushion.
Which content do your
subscribers prefer?
People prefer the more amateur
content that is really real.
as opposed to
the professional filmed.
Bonnie's in Miami for spring break.
prime hunting ground
for her student content.
But because OnlyFans won't let her
sell porn made
with non-professionals.
sex tapes are off the table.
Four minutes of these two hot gym
boys. Are you ready?
DISGUISED VOICE: Ready.
Last spring break. Bonnie had sex
with 126 students in two weeks.
I loved it. I was like.
I've found my purpose in porn.
I found the niche
I want to focus on.
And it's not just because I'm
obsessed with 18-year-olds.
Like. it was such a bigger picture
in terms of teaching them how
to have sex.
Like. watching their
face light up as they. you know.
lost their virginity. I was like.
wow. I really loved that.
Her spring break porn
sold really well.
and she told me her earnings jumped
from 50k to 250k a month.
Oh. God. they're all coming. Fuck.
News of her thousand-man gangbang
has made Bonnie a global celebrity.
even without it being seen.
She's had a huge spike
in subscribers.
but OnlyFans have made it impossible
for her to give them what they want.
Thank you. Bonnie. how are doing?!
Hi. I'm good. Hi. how are you?
It's great to meet you.
Can I get a picture? Yeah.
OK. come in. boys.
Instead. the team are having to
resort to trying
to drum up social media interest...
This is what the college boys
get up to.
..teasing that she's open
for business. even though she isn't.
Ready for the next group now to
completely cover me and fill me up.
And your team come up with all this
madcap stuff. like. you just have
to ride with it? 90%. I say no to.
It's just fake.
And I can understand.
yes. it'd get in the news.
yes. it get clicked.
but I don't want that. necessarily.
Like. it's just fake.
And then it's sort of... If you
start putting fake stories out.
it makes my other content that is
genuine. and I work really hard
to do. look fake.
Feeding the social media machine
looks pretty relentless.
But inside this
attention-based economy.
she needs to keep going viral.
My goal is to earn 5 million a month
and be the biggest porn star
in the world.
The content I love making
the most is the barely legals.
the students. the husbands.
Yeah. I don't know. there's just
so much more purpose to it as well.
I do it because I love it. Love it.
No matter how much shit.
hate. backlash I get.
if anything. it just encourages me
to continue doing it.
OK. so this is the morning of
the largest livestream
OnlyFans has ever seen.
Bonnie stayed in the US
for six weeks.
I noticed a change in her content.
which was feeling even more extreme.
Very nervous that this is
the most inches I have ever taken.
Well. no.
obviously January was more.
but these ones are like the size
of my forearm.
and I'm scared.
To stay viral. she did an
eight-hour. livestreamed gangbang.
carefully devised to be within
OnlyFans rules.
as the hundred men taking part were
all registered creators.
Today we're here with Bonnie Blue.
the superstar. the biggest thing on
the internet right now.
Keen to find out how she was doing.
I decided to meet her
when she arrived back at
Heathrow with Josh.
It was my hardest gangbang to date.
I definitely underestimated it.
Because I've done a thousand.
I was like. OK. well.
this is going to be a walk
in the park.
Anything I do from now. surely. is
never going to be as hard as that.
I think because they was
all porn stars.
all had massive penises. all.
in a way. was trying to prove. like.
you know. I perform harder.
I fuck harder.
So it was a lot.
She basically just got beat up
for a few hours.
That's basically what it was.
Yeah. it was intense.
Yeah. no. this one. This one.
And this was my eyes after part one.
I liked being pushed.
That's what I want to do with sex.
I want to find my limits.
I want to find it where I'm like.
I'm tapping out.
And if you tap out. it doesn't mean
it's a bad experience.
it just means you're saying.
OK. that's enough.
So I do want to reach my limits to
the point where I tap out.
Are you guys nervous? No. we ready!
You guys make me nervous!
For her hundred-man pro livestream.
Bonnie took things up a notch
by bringing along
a younger creator. called Julia.
It was so entertaining to
watch her face.
because she's never really
watched porn.
let alone been involved in it.
So. watching her face.
she was just so shocked.
See a lot of hands now.
I think she needs water.
And we got her to get involved.
brush my hair mid-scene.
like. hold my legs back.
And that also caused a big uproar.
Like. you're destroying her. you're
ruining her. you shouldn't...
You shouldn't have her there.
Bonnie's team drop clips
from her hundred-man gangbang
all over mainstream social media.
They got an insane number of clicks.
So. this one's a more PG one.
Cannot wait to watch me
be stretched out. Are you ready?
Just tape her. she's ready. No...
She's lying. she's ready.
It's always best to start off big.
I guess the thing about those
images is that...
That it could be a consensual image.
but it also could read
as a nonconsensual image.
Do you know what I mean?
Yes and no.
Like. I'm fully clothed.
every single guy in there
is fully clothed.
That could just have been
a birthday party.
I've got a 15-year-old daughter.
Yeah.
I guess my worry might be... Yeah.
..if she's looking at that.
might she feel she... That's part of
what she needs to offer guys? Yeah.
Like. I get.
from that point of view.
but then it's also
a parent's responsibility to say.
hey. there's people in the world
that do mass murders.
doesn't mean you do that.
There's people in the world
that do gangbangs.
you don't also have to do that.
I don't know. you could use
different platforms. couldn't you?
But I guess you choose to try
and catch as many people as possible
and monetise as much as possible.
but in doing so.
are you not worried at all that
you might be doing some damage?
No. I think consent and sex should
be discussed at a much younger age
than what parents think.
Like. if I said to my parents.
what age do you think I was
being sexually active?
They'd probably say 15 or 16.
It's like. it was 13.
So then. if I was having sex at 13.
I was probably looking at porn
before the age of 13.
You can never get in trouble
for being too safe
but you can get in trouble
for not having the conversations.
Hey!
Bonnie clearly doesn't want
to take responsibility
for any fallout from her messaging.
and she seems more
uncompromising than ever.
Oh. it's quite cold in here as well.
Today. we're going to learn
about consents.
For her next bit of content.
she plans to lean in even harder
into the idea of using young girls.
We are having an orgy
in a classroom.
So it's going to be a lot of fun.
We've got a mixture of
some younger guys. younger girls.
and it's going to be like
a sex education lesson.
but a lot more in depth.
Well. let's figure out who's going
to be in this room. in the video.
and then who's getting fucked and
who's not getting fucked.
Let's break that.
Who's over 18? Yeah. everybody's
over 18? Just checking!
Who's doing what and who's
comfortable with what?
I'm just going to watch.
You're going to watch.
What about you. girls?
I don't mind.
OK. what about you girls?
See how you feel? Yeah?
Only what you're comfortable with.
don't just say it
because everyone's here.
I'm watching. then. Yeah? Good.
So. you three are going
to be students? Cool.
Yeah?
So. how did you get involved today?
Well. I got a DM to see
if I wanted to take part. and.
yeah. as soon
as I heard Bonnie Blue's name.
I was intrigued because.
you know. she...
She's everywhere at the minute.
She's got quite big. quite fast.
so it'd be nice to see how
she does things.
I'll be more like just getting up.
doing. like. sex education.
then I invite a girl up to feel
my pussy and she'll be like.
does that feel good? I'm like. yeah.
it feels really good.
Then we can go and. like.
teach her how to do a blowjob.
And then a girl maybe sat in the
back starts playing with herself.
The younger girls have come along
for free today.
Appearing in their socials
with Bonnie is payment enough.
And then it just gradually builds
up until it's. like. an orgy.
No. I'm not being paid today.
It'd just be. I get tagged
and then. hopefully. I get followers
and subs from that.
and then it'll roll onto my page.
What kind of content do you do?
Solo content with toys and stuff
like that.
And then I have some videos with
my partner and stuff like that.
but nothing too...adventurous.
This is your first gangbang? Yeah.
ANDY: Let's get the girls who's
watching at the back of the class.
Have you ever been in a room with
live people having sex before? No.
Oh. I did go to Amsterdam once
and there was a sex show.
Are you a bit nervous? Yeah.
Yeah. definitely.
Fuck's sake.
Have you taken Viagra? Yeah. yeah.
That's why I'm really hot.
I do need some water. to be honest.
thinking about it.
Does it give you drymouth? No. it
just makes me. like. proper flush.
The fact that they're so nervous
actually works in my favour.
because their reactions are going
to be more realistic.
The way they feel.
or if they feel intimidated.
obviously. I want them to say.
but sometimes sex is intimidating.
So it's going to be good. the fact
they're new to this
and haven't done it before.
Yeah. it's pushing the boundaries
a little bit. for me.
It's a bit out of my comfort zone.
But I'm here for it. I'm here...
Everybody's over 18. I've checked
all their IDs and stuff and
everybody's content creators. so.
So. yeah.
So Bonnie's leading you
astray a bit?
Today. this time. yeah.
How long have you been doing it?
Nearly three years.
No way! How old are you? 21.
Oh. Well. you look younger.
That's why they got you in. Yeah.
So. do you think people. your
subscribers. like you
because you look underage? Yes.
Really? Yes.
I mainly do do. like. just me with.
like. bigger toys.
because I'm so small.
Like. different toys
that you wouldn't normally be like.
oh. OK. this is different. you know?
So it draws people in mainly
because they're curious.
And it's because I'm so small.
So they're like. you know.
can it fit?
How are you feeling. Bonnie?
Yeah. I'm fine.
Ready to have my insides rearranged.
And have you done any
live sex before? No. never.
I always think that people doing
OnlyFans must be really.
like. confident. but lots of...
No.
Can we close the door over?
GIRL PANTS
That's it. Go nice and slow.
Oh. my God.
you're taking so much of that.
Are lots of your friends
jumping on the OnlyFans bandwagon?
There's a few. yeah.
Yeah. it's still becoming more
popular. I think.
Why is that. do you think?
Why is it kind of....?
It's just a flexible way
of earning money.
And you're in control.
And the potential
to earn money is there.
Oh. fuck.
It's interesting to hear
the younger creators giving
the same reasons
for starting OnlyFans as Bonnie.
It's better than being stuck behind
a desk all day. so.
Not working nine to five.
earning minimum wage.
So it's a win-win situation.
The UK has now one
of the highest numbers of
OnlyFans creators in the world.
That's so hot.
Tons of people doing it.
And there will be tons
of people doing it in the future.
More people than people realise.
Instagram will turn into
OnlyFans eventually.
because people realise that they can
post pictures of themselves
that they do for free and
get paid for it.
In a bid to outdo Bonnie Blue.
Lilly Phillips
has just released her latest stunt.
This one involves 50 guys and...
..not the front door.
WHISPERS: The back door.
I'm Annie Knight and I'm
getting...by over 200 guys today.
She had sex with
a Down syndrome kid.
Yeah. I really want to do
a disabled gangbang. What?
NEWSREADER: OnlyFans has shaken
up an industry with a dark side
and it could soon be up for sale.
So. apparently. OnlyFans is
on the block for about $8 billion.
We haven't got the latest
financial data from them.
but the last time they reported.
they were making revenues
of about $1.3 billion.
Their operating profit
was comparable to any big tech firm.
In the six months
since I've been filming Bonnie.
she's become one of
the biggest creators on OnlyFans.
earning £2 million a month.
To stay at the top.
she needs to keep going viral.
So. what challenges do
you have next?
My next one
is Bonnie Blue's Petting Zoo.
What the hell is that?
Well. I am going to be in
a glass box. tied up.
and it's going to be open
for the public.
Oh. my God.
Wow!
What do you expect is
going to happen?
See. that's the best thing.
I don't know.
I want to be tied up
in a glass box for 24 hours
and give my body to the public.
They can fuck me. touch me.
use dildos on me. toys on me.
whatever they want to do -
whatever I've consented to.
they're able to do.
I am going to be completely
helpless. tied down. gagged. choked.
It's going to be insane.
You can. you know. just watch me
like you would a zoo animal.
To stay on
the right side of OnlyFans.
Bonnie is going to upload a section
of the event to the platform
that will only
feature registered creators.
MUSIC: Let's Get It On
by Marvin Gaye
It's glorifying grape.
it's glorifying abuse.
and it's setting women back years
and years.
and no-one wants to fucking see it.
Hopefully. this is the start of
the downfall of
Bonnie fucking Blue.
If I consent to something and
it's above board.
who are you to say I can't do that?
I guess I get that it works for you.
but what about
the rest of womankind?
To some degree. I'm saying.
hey. look. women. you've fought for
women's rights for years and years.
you've fought for us to have control
over our body and be
empowered by that.
I'm now living by that and suddenly.
you want me to shut up.
have a couple of kids.
get married and stay quiet?
But I don't want that. I might as
well then stayed back in 100 years.
So. if anything. I'm the image of
what you've just been
asking for years and years.
and suddenly. you see it
and you're now thinking. fuck.
we don't want this woman
to speak proudly of sex.
After just 24 hours
promoting her petting zoo.
OnlyFans decide to ban Bonnie
permanently from their platform.
That's what it is.
it's just so frustrating.
I'm not broke
a single fucking rule ever.
It's like OnlyFans is.
realistically. like. your boss.
They're not. but they are. It's hard
and there's just nothing we can do.
And they're not listening.
It's hard because it's not like.
oh. it's the day after.
Like. this is literally happening.
Yeah. no... No. I think that's...
Right now. I've just been told.
you know. I've gone from
earning 2 million a month to zero.
Like. it's...
Oh. my event
that I've just spent £100.000 on.
that I've told everyone to sign up
to the website. hey. come fuck me.
now makes me look like all the other
girls where you just lie
and bullshit about things.
And that is the whole opposite
of Bonnie Blue. so.
What do you
think is bothering them?
They'd prefer me to do
a cooking show in a yoga retreat.
I'd prefer
to have my insides rearranged
and do gangbangs for the world.
That's the difference.
They want to go more PG.
which is fine.
it's because their payment
providers. but it's a sex site.
You're going on OnlyFans to watch
somebody be fucked.
If I've ever said I'm doing
something. I'm doing it.
It just looks like another hoax.
like everybody else that goes...
OnlyFans' reason was.
we don't support extreme content.
but I did speak to OnlyFans
last week and said.
hey. I'm doing an event on the 15th.
I'm going to be in a glass box.
Just making sure this complies to
all your rules. regulations and
that I'm going to be all good to
post a certain amount
of this on OnlyFans.
We're saying. hey.
we're sticking by your rules...
Is it partly because you're...
Basically. you don't do this under
the radar. do you? I mean...
No. I...
Well. for me to get 1.000 to 2.000
people to come and fuck me.
I'm going to have to speak
about it on Instagram.
TikTok. Twitter - like. I'm going
to use social media platforms
to promote it.
I will think of a solution.
And regardless to what platform
or whichever way I do it.
I'm going to stick by doing
what I've always done
and always loved.
I love being fucked by the public
and that is not going to stop.
Bonnie's commitment to work
that very few people seem to be able
to handle has left her quite alone.
She's separated from husband Ollie.
with just her team around her
day to day.
What was he saying?
She may have a full bank account.
but life looks pretty isolating
when the world hates you.
When you're in places.
do you go out and stuff?
No.
Um...
Last time I went out by myself
was probably about six months ago.
Now. it's not that safe
if I was to go out by myself.
I think. as soon
as I sort of came on.
you stopped going out by yourself.
Yeah.
I get hundreds
of death threats a day.
So it's not that safe I walk around.
What are you scared of?
Um... I wouldn't say scared.
Yeah. it's not like... I always say.
it's going to happen at some point.
someone will come and give me
a stick. and fair play to them.
at least they're getting
up off their sofa.
But my worst one is acid.
I think if someone did acid.
and I can imagine some spiteful
girls doing that...
I would say.
let's not even talk about it.
Yeah.
A few days after her ban.
Bonnie tells me she's signing
with another platform.
An up-and-coming one with a much
smaller reach
than OnlyFans. called Fansly.
Why don't you just set
up on your own?
Why do you need another platform?
It's so technical.
setting up your own website.
I'm better at sucking dick than I am
setting up a website.
I'm not saying it'd never happen.
but not for the next
few months at least.
Shall we play a game?
Are you ready? Oh...
Green light.
The next evening. Bonnie tells me
to come straight round.
she has some exciting news.
Do you know where my passport is?
Her and Josh are hitting
the road again.
Honestly. so excited for this week.
And I'm excited to. like.
show you more behind the scenes of.
I guess. what happens.
because I don't know.
It is unpredictable...
Tomorrow. I'm going to Romania
and I'm doing a very
important interview on Tuesday.
and I've got no idea how
the interview is going to go.
because it's with Andrew Tate.
And he's probably just
as controversial as I am.
Whether people love him or hate him.
he's a marketing genius.
He's also up on rape and
human trafficking charges.
which he denies. and is
a self-proclaimed misogynist.
You never know when you need
a blue ski mask.
What. you've packed a blue ski mask?
Travel essentials -
blue ski mask and a dildo.
So. I'm sort of going to use
that interview to promote that
I'm switching to Fansly.
get a lot of traffic and say.
hey. you thought you cancelled me
but it's the complete opposite.
You talk about female empowerment.
but how do you square that
with aligning yourself
and your brand with
the most misogynistic man
on the internet?
Piers Morgan interview
serial killers all the time.
It's not messed up his brand.
Like. just because you interview
someone. doesn't mean
you're that person.
Just because if you do a documentary
on someone. doesn't mean you agree.
Like. he has been labelled
multiple things by the media
and so have I.
And we're probably the most two
misunderstood people
out there at the moment.
I love Andrew Tate. Do you?
Yeah. I think he's great.
I think he's a genius.
He's a... His marketing's smart.
he's the male version of her.
Really?
I'm currently because
I'm off to Romania...
This interview will get
a billion views.
I will get a billion views from
that alone.
So could you imagine July.
when I launch Fansly.
I drop an interview with Andrew Tate
and I go and do some
good gangbangs in the US.
July is going to be a good month.
I feel like this isn't a trip I need
or want to go on.
I now completely understand
how Bonnie's world works.
The stunts. the clicks.
the rage bait. the contradictions -
it feels like the right time to put
the camera down.
The trickier thing will
be explaining it all to my daughter.
Would you fuck Andrew Tate?
Yeah. I'd fuck Andrew Tate.
Who do you think
the blue ski mask is for?
There isn't anyone she
wouldn't fuck.
As long as they're 18.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today